Split a sentence in Root Cause (#44)
xsleaks/wiki: content/_index.md

## Root Cause of XS-Leaks

> The root cause of most XS-Leaks is inherent to the design of the web. Oftentimes applications are vulnerable to some cross-site information leaks without having done anything wrong. It is challenging to fix the root cause of XS-Leaks at the browser level because in many cases doing so would break existing websites so browsers are implementing various [Defense Mechanisms]({{< ref "defenses" >}}) to counter that. Many of these defenses are used via websites opting into a more restrictive security model, usually through certain HTTP headers (e.g. *[Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy]({{< ref "./docs/defenses/opt-in/coop.md">}}): same-origin*), which often times must be combined to achieve the desired outcome.

Reviewer: Maybe replace "that" with "XS-Leaks"? As it is, it isn't really clear to me what "that" is supposed to refer to.

Author: I meant "that" to refer to "it is challenging to fix the root cause". Maybe something around `to overcome the difficulty`?

Reviewer: Ah, in that case how about changing it to this: 

```suggestion
The root cause of most XS-Leaks is inherent to the design of the web. Oftentimes applications are vulnerable to some cross-site information leaks without having done anything wrong. It is challenging to fix the root cause of XS-Leaks at the browser level because in many cases doing so would break existing websites so browsers are implementing various [Defense Mechanisms]({{< ref "defenses" >}}) to overcome these difficulties. Many of these defenses are used via websites opting into a more restrictive security model, usually through certain HTTP headers (e.g. *[Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy]({{< ref "./docs/defenses/opt-in/coop.md">}}): same-origin*), which often times must be combined to achieve the desired outcome.
```

That way, it mirrors the word "challenges" with "challenging" just to make it a little bit easier to understand. Because with the word difficulties there, I did not immediately understand which difficulties it was referencing.

Reviewer: Bump, just to make sure we get these PRs in :)
